###. 
page_title => Themes
sort_order => 40

h1. Themes

TextViewer output is handled through a simple theming layer. Select a theme by
 changing the @theme@ setting in @config/config.php@. Create a new theme by 
 adding a directory to @/themes@.
 
h2. Templates

Use @.tpl.php@ as the file-name extension for all template files, with 
 @page.tpl.php@ as the primary template. You can break a theme into multiple
 templates, and call a subtemplate with:

bc. <?php echo $theme->('template_name'); ?>

where @template_name@ is the name of the file, without the @.tpl.php@ extension.

h2. Stylesheets

A theme's stylesheets go in the top level of that theme's directory. You can
 output an appropriately-configured @link@ element for a stylesheet with:

bc. <?php echo $theme->css('style'); ?>

where @style@ is the name of the stylesheet, without the @.css@ extension. If
 there is a stylesheet with the same name as the theme, you can use this 
 shortcut:

bc. <?php echo $theme->css; ?>

h2. Variables available in templates

As noted above, the @$theme@ object is available in any template, and can be 
 used to output a sub-template or stylesheet @link@. There's also a pre-built 
 form with a @select@ dropdown for switching languages:

bc. <?php echo $theme->lang_select; ?>

Each snippet file is available by name, e.g., @$header@. Usually you would
 just do this:

bc. <?php echo $header; ?>

to output the rendered (HTML) version of the snippet. Note that each snippet
 variable is actually a @TvSourceFile@ object.

The @$content@ variable is the @TvSourceFile@ object representing the current
 page This allows usage such as:
 
* @<?php echo $content; ?>@
* @<?php echo $content->page_title; ?>@
* @<?php if ( $content->is_untranslated ) echo $translate; ?>@

The @$pages@ array contains a @TvSourceFile@ for every page, indexed by name. 
 This includes the untranslated version of any missing page when viewing the 
 site in a language other than the default. (Snippets are kept out of @$pages@, 
 though.)

Finally, @$tv@ is the @TvController@ object. Some of the useful items are:

* @$tv->pagelink('file', $mode, 'Link text')@
Link to @file@ using @$mode@ display mode
* @$tv->display_mode@
E.g. @web@ for normal HTML display, @source@ to show the raw source
* @$tv->langs@
Array of available languages