###. TextViewer header
page_title => Welcome
sort_order => 10

h1. Welcome to TextViewer

TextViewer generates a simple website from text files. To install, upload to a 
 web server. To use, write documents in "Textile":http://textileit.com/ or 
 "Markdown":http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/ format, then drop them 
 in TextViewer. That's it -- you now have a website.

The "basic" template included with TextViewer gives your site a simple 
 navigation menu, automatically updated when you add or remove a document. 
 Modify the template however you wish, or copy as the basis for a new template.
 
If you translate one or more documents into another language, TextViewer 
 automatically adds a language switcher. For documents you haven't translated 
 yet, TextViewer will display the version in the default language.

The source file for this page is an ordinary Textile 2.2 file. If you're viewing 
 this in TextViewer, you can see what the source looks like by clicking the 
 "source" link in the menu bar.

The only TextViewer-specific part of the file is the Textile comment block at
 the top. This is optional; it allows you to assign some metadata to the file. 
 Currently TextViewer understands two items:
 
; page_title
: The basic template uses this in the window-bar title and in the menu
; sort_order
: Set the order of pages in the menu

Otherwise TextViewer uses the file name for both the title and sort value.

h2. Configuration Options

TextViewer is designed to be ready to use, out of the box. But there are some
 configuration options you can set if you choose, by editing @config/config.php@:

; @default_lang@
: The default user language for your TextViewer site.
; @theme@
: Display theme
; @snippets@
: Common page elements such as header and footer.
; Various Markdown options
: Choose Markdown and SmartyPants options.